Shen Yi, um, look at my clothes today, okay?
Is there anything inappropriate about it?
The first time I met my daughter
I have to make a good impression on him.
My lord, you have asked me 800 times along the way
So beautiful
If the little master knew that his mother was the strongest Protector God Emperor of Great Xia Kingdom
Will be very happy
I was absent for the first 20 years of his life
Now I can only give him all the glory of my life.
I also heard that he got married.
I also made up the most magnificent dowry for him
Well, don't worry, my lord.
I have asked the head of the Wang family in Jiangcheng to give gifts first
So unlucky at the beginning
Why did I let your motherless thing enter my Sun's door?
Hmph, son, hurry up and divorce this dead star
Then get married with Sun Wu, okay, mom
It's comfortable to lie down.
Stand up!
Clean the floor for me
Let me see a hair and I'll kill you
Hurry up!
And my shoes are dirty too
Please help me wipe it.
Tang my sister
Watch what I do
If you want to wipe it, just wipe it.
Ahhh hahaha
Ha ha.
Mom Yuanchen, you still have something to do, so I'll go first, okay?
Husband Wang family debut